# server-namer

A simple in memory rest endpoint store and skeleton for a webapp

## Purpose

The goal for this project is to give you an opportunity to work with our product and demonstrate your knowledge of development, design, and UX. Please do not spend more than 2 hours on this project. It's meant to be a fun and short evaluation exercise. 

We'd like to you to use the REST endpoints to build an interesting interface that showcases servers whose names are auto-generated by our backend. You can also push updates to the endpoint, so a user can change his server name. The value of this is that we currently auto-generate names for our servers based on video game characters. We want Parsec machines to feel like they are your computer as much as possible. Gamers build their own machines typically and come up with clever names for the computer. We'd like to let users personalize their Parsec machine to recreate some of the experience of building a computer to spec.

## API

### Server Name `/server-name/`

This endpoint returns a random generated name

```GET /server-name/
{"name": "random-server-name"}
```

### Store `/store/`

A REST endpoint that saves arbitrary JSON data to an in-memory store on the backend.

- `GET /store/`
  - gets all objects
- `GET /store/1`
  - gets object with id 1
- `POST /store/ {"key": "value"}`
  - stores a new object
- `POST /store/1`
  - alias for PUT
- `PUT /store/1 {"key": "value"}`
  - replaces object with id 1
- `DELETE /store/1`
  - deletes object with id 1

## Running

### Locally

Run with tornado:
```
pip install tornado (only once)
python main.py
```

### Run with Docker
```
docker build -t server-name .
docker run --rm -it server-name
```

### Live
  It's available on http://namer.parsec.tv
